what's the deal YouTube is your boy
next-gen 720 them back with a nother
video I wasn't gonna do a video in this
but Blackburn and put that battery my
back now shut up the black mom but um I
was reading this for us two things you
guys are no me and dr. Tripp you have a
bed for fifty bucks are saying you know
the base i told him that i don't believe
that we you not saying is not a good
system anything like that but it wasn't
so 10 million by the end of this year
you know i mean he said it will be
anyway and for the second straight year
nintendo has posted an operating loss
over 220 million dollars and they had to
cut them the wii u shipments they had it
they were predicted they told the
investors they worship 5.5 million we
used by the end of march 31st they cut
that 5.5 million down to four million
shipped to dip you know to different
stores whatever the case may be um and I
want to basically said that you know he
contributes the low cells or you know
not enough software or their they you
know their I guess they grade 8 items to
come out once the grade eight titles
come out we should see a set of boosting
sales in the wii u 0 now with that be
insane that's not the reason why that's
not the only reason why I'm making this
video okay because cells they can turn
it around you know you know but what's
alarming what I'm about to see you guys
right now EA them cut the rug under you
guys and say you know what EA is not
that important yada yada yada yada but
II ate they develop a lot of goddamn
titles whether the multiplayer not you
got the Mass Effect franchise you got
fuckin you got the Battlefield franchise
you know I mean but you know if
especially for guys in the shoot of
battlefields far way better to call the
duty pants down now anyway but EA has
told investors that they simply do not
believe that the Wii U is a
next-generation console he said after
working closely with the PlayStation 4
and the next Xbox uh they don't believe
the way it was a step up in a big enough
step up in power to be considered a
next-generation console now with that
so they should be putting all the
resources and focus on to those next
platforms you know I mean so whatever EA
has in the pipes are gonna come out for
the week so whatever EA has in the pipes
they're gonna come out when those next
generation consoles come out it looks
like we will be getting so whatever it
is it is battlefield 4 I don't know I
guess I don't know I thought it was
ready for them to get battlefield 4 but
whatever it is the working on it has not
yet to be announced yet it would not be
coming to wii u according to this number
they told the investors they don't
believe the wii u you know is it's not
even sentence to step up me that is a
next-generation console that soon I
guess you know it has allowed me to to
with the attacks rates a song called
software salsa tattooing also you know
me um you know mean so you know me and
like I said in they have something
called they be any studios call Jen for
whatever i don't know was a new engine
um i don't know i don't know if it's new
engine or whatever the case may be um
but whatever jennifer is the way it was
not strong enough to run it you know
basically you know i mean that we use
not strong enough running and listen I'm
not this is not me trolling this is real
shit right you know i mean is to reason
to be alarmed like I said before you
think you guys but I was bugging by
saying is um you know that maybe get no
sorry maybe the tendency to put it
betters GPU and CPU and the beefy and
ram into the console you know it makes
you future-proof it you know me because
without leave without games and consoles
get you got their water you know me in
future proof your system you know I mean
because like I said lose is it gonna be
the way all over again when it comes to
these next-generation console now going
by this and what they're saying he is
but a reckoner sent before that he's the
next generation consoles from Microsoft
and Sony is gonna be big step in power
he said that before he called them
supercomputers the guy John Ricca tell
over you know whatever the case may be
but EA is working on something um cold
gin for whatever is not a game with gin
gin for is not a game it was a new
engine that they using or a new type of
tech or whatever the case may be I
believe dice you
that term being on the EAC any hair but
whatever the case may be they will you
was not capable of running this gym for
thing you know I mean so they said i'ma
leave a link here if you guys want to
talk over front page they have it there
also black bond just also gave me a link
i'll give you the two sites the first
slide is my nintendo news miss big it
says he ain't blatantly states with you
was not a next-generation console i told
you guys before i was having problems
leap with my links um it says it their
clearance day and you can read the
article uh and then um the other one is
stick skills you know I mean they said
something there it says um the guy Jason
Jason swear share I guess you were
psychic taco he left with tweeted says
wow he just said that the wii u isn't a
next-generation console what we describe
it as gin for has yet to come you know I
mean they call it Jen for the next
generation they call eav go to a college
in for something I don't know like I
said was the engine or whatever they
doing whatever the case may be the
ascendant is is yet to come okay but
anyway I'm gonna wrap this video up you
guys can go to guys can go to um like I
just told you can go to my Nintendo
news.com and check it out for yourself
you think I'm bullshit but now I'm that
bullshit this real shit here you make a
sit down on hating on Senate that I'm
hating anything like that I this is my
honest opinion that six before you know
I mean I believe in the Tendo was trying
to eat a latch onto this whole get me
you know tablet craze because it I guess
I liked Abbas what they shouldn't get it
should have made that shit every wii u
console with a pro controller may be
made the system fully functional with
this pro controller you know me you know
better put a better GPU and CPU in the
console so the tablet controls the exit
/ if you you know being um and um and
they took it from in by them as I always
say bang
a damn dog abatements Jim Oh